dragged out think that the tone plus a well received animal in tordesillas
I warn you that it is very wrong to listen
the bull because of the hard 18 one more of the family
nevertheless mentioned every year
is defined as a to a family member
within the impoverished nation
sylvia riera will celebrate next month they have their own house if you ask the
world said I have not had any problem this is a sculptor
illustrator finally by josé maría of the honeycomb and fiber of that
end this year
Spain has asserted at the same time
by the way what they do as a member of the tourist class family that has
they pardon fatigue
at tordesillas prices that we pay all
in fact that xavi thing changes the typical image of the osborne bull that
there is at the entrance of the village
in the afternoon it adapts more to their customs
finally the toa low distract the attention of the drivers
now what remains is to avoid that the load did not release the lungs
spain min the inhabitants of tordesillas defend
the bull of the vega because it is a tradition and who better than a
inhabitant of this town to explain us the origin of that tradition
listen out
in the Balearics in the future
there can be no true choice of the carnival queen
I like her get ready
this party right here
this sense
at the same time had been broken felipe ecologist
they did it after offering to the people but the Syrian people
for now
for all the good people it seemed that it could have been offended we want
sincerely apologize apologize for the constant is the mail
electronic the progress we have made together
I know
efe buenafuente @buenafuente points
na
workers talking
denying the truth material was commissioned by the source pointed out that the
govern and we apologize for the slip but with the guarantee that remains weak
casual with this swimming
anyway the intermediate we have enough legitimacy to found this
party
that's why our partner thais villas has gone to a professor of theology
animal protection of the veterinary faculty of the complutense for
ask your opinion about this celebration
we meet with doctor ibáñez professor of this what gil protection
animal of the faculty of veterinary medicine of the Complutense University of Madrid
and expert in animal psychiatry
we will talk and we will have a debate professional impressions about the
festivity of the bull of the vega doctor ibáñez believes that it is possible that thanks
to what this event is a cultural act of great tradition the bull does not feel
no pain port seville an outrageous saying this way
as you know where by a tradition that an animal does not suffer
of when we are seeing perfectly what is done with that animal that
evidently generates
lots of suffering
protest we comment we could say that there is some remote and I say remote
possibility
that he is facing a savage my discomfort very clear that
is suffering and suffering everything that is being done
they throw themselves
plants is being wounded and then another animal
when he suffers with fear so important what he does is what everything he puts into
march to counteract post-adaptation effects goes that series of
stimuli is proving that they are useless
and by not serving the animal at all what it does is totally depressed
different here I stay with what these people to
then they continue to stimulate him, they continue to remove him from his situation, provoking him
still more damage
to try that the animal reactions because if not the party would end the
first ten minutes with which this is an obvious savagery not a remote
possibility of not
and encourage that this one who need more treatment the bull
or the person who enjoys participating in this party would obviously be
any case a psychiatric treatment int exclusively to be
human
poor level that guilt has
the man who enjoyed the party maybe not so much because they have been
fact
I would give psychiatric treatment to whoever authorized it
that maybe it's the social system we're in
then we are surprised that they are treating us as savages and taking them to the
Spanish human beings because we do this and do many other things
with other animals
but here you do not have to psychologically treat psychiatric
even enclose it to the human being who authorizes it
psychological treatment
polymer wedding which a pair of banderillas ambient
but he has not been able to defeat eta